fix: request set headers (#2817)
fastify/fastify: docs/Request.md

- `connection` - Deprecated, use `socket` instead. The underlying connection of the incoming request.
- `socket` - the underlying connection of the incoming request

### Headers

> The `request.headers` is a getter that return a JSON with the headers of the incoming request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `request.headers` is a getter that return an Object with the headers of the incoming request.
```

> You can use it like as setter also.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set custom headers like this:
```
